(announcer)
Previously on "Love & Hip-Hop:
Hollywood"...
You are cordially invited
to attend a listening party
for Moniece Slaughter's
new album.
That's a joke.
So we're gonna
accept the joke and go.
I, for one, think
this is a terrible idea.
And I'm in.
Yes!
Brandi, Becky found me,
and she was not
serving me lemonade.
She was serving me
piping hot tea.
You're a mother(bleep) joke.
(crowd shrieking)
(A1)
It ain't about our parents.
It's about me and you.
This is not just
a housewarming party.
This is our wedding reception.
I don't believe that
she did this willingly.
It was a mutual agreement.
Initiated by you.
He decided to pretty much
deny that this is his child.
Do you want to go through
the court process?
Do I want to? No.
Do I feel like my hand
is being forced? Yes.
I want to be the one,
when she gets older,
"That's my daddy," yes.
He's starting
to look like a deadbeat
before the baby's even here.
I want the both of y'all.
Awkward.
I guess you my upgrade,
or my replacement?
She doesn't lie, though.
Rosa, me and you
(bleep) around.
You know what type
of bitch I am.
(Nikki)
One of my friends
wanted to meet you again.
Do you know my girl
over here?
Who the hell is this?
Nikki, God bless you.
God bless me, thank you.
You playing games.
I'm not playing games,
honey.
You two have fun.
♪♪
♪ We live that life,
we live that ♪
♪ Life ♪
♪ Hey ♪
♪ We live that life ♪
♪ We live that ♪
♪ Hey ♪
♪ We live that life ♪♪
♪♪
(Shanda)
It's been about a week
since Willie moved out,
and we've been living apart,
and it's given me some time
to sit back
and process everything.
And I ain't gonna lie.
This really stressing me out.
So I wanted to work it all out
with Nikki,
and she chose yoga.
Whose idea was it to do this
bull(bleep)-ass yoga?
Your ass. I could do
cycling or some (bleep).
I was trying to do
a little leg stand,
and then he almost fell.
That was a scam!
Ha ha!
Uh, hello.
What's up with you
not laughing at me today?
I've just been
going through so much,
Nikki, you have no idea.
What's going on?
Well, um, my husband told me
that he screwed that bird.
He-- You are lying to me.
He admitted that he (bleep) her?
Yes.
Oh, my God, girl.
So we've been staying
in two different places.
We have the kids
here with me sometimes,
and then we'll
take 'em over there.
What are you telling them
is going on?
I'm just trying
to cover it up for them
so that I won't hurt them
before I make the decision.
You would never keep
your kids from their dad.
Ever! I'm not
that type of woman.
You can see your daddy
as much as you want to,
please.
(Shanda)
With Willie and I living apart,
it really doesn't
solve anything,
so now I really gotta sit
and think about
what I'm gonna do
with my marriage.
The worst part is trying
to hide this from the kids.
While Willie is far away
from being a model husband,
he's always been a great dad.
I really hope
that y'all work it out.
You've been together
for so long
and you have the kids
and everything.
It's so much
I would throw away.
I've been with him since
I was 17 years old. I'm 31.
A lot of bull(bleep),
but it wasn't always
bull(bleep).
We had great times.
I'm not gonna tell you
it's easy.
I'm not married,
and I don't have kids.
Good.
It seems like you
don't want to give up
on your relationship.
(Nikki)
I really feel for Shanda.
None of this is her fault,
and it's definitely not
the kids' fault either.
My parents have been together
for over 39 years,
and divorce was never
an option for them.
That's why Miss Nikki Baby
is only dating.
I'm not committing to anybody
until I know I'm fully ready.
You need to get it together.
'Cause that's some bull(bleep).
And you know that.
I know, I don't wanna...
Just-- What's going on
with you, boo?
Girl...
Long story short, they
found out about each other.
Damn.
At this point,
I'm just really
confused, girl,
'cause I don't know what
it is I want with him or her.
Do you even want
to be with him? Like...
I don't even know if I want to
be in a relationship right now.
You know, as of now, I'm
in a really confused space
in my life.
I haven't really been myself,
I haven't been able to...
What do you mean?
When my brother
passed away last year,
so that was, like,
very hard for me.
I haven't really been able to,
like, be committed to somebody
'cause I've been
so hurt, you know.
I can understand that.
And so I feel like
I'm just going through
my own motion, girl.
I decided to take it
upon myself to help my family.
They're moving out the house
that he passed away in.
I'm helping them
pack his stuff up and...
So hard.
It's hard, and you know,
I have a lot of pain inside,
too, that they don't see, girl.
You know what I'm saying?
They don't see all the hurt
that I'm going through.
It's really good to have
a friend like Shanda
that I could really talk to
and trust.
It's been very hard for me
to open up to people
about what's happened
with my brother.
I've been going through a lot,
and dating Rosa and Safaree,
it's just been helping me mask
the pain that I feel inside.
Maybe it wasn't the right way
of going about it,
but I was using anything I could
to distract myself
from the heartache
I was going through.
Are you in good standing
with either of them, or--
I haven't spoken
to either of them, girl.
Seriously?
I'm gonna clean it up.
Don't worry, girl.
(Brandi)
Last night, that thirsty
little girl "Ho-niece"
tried to spread rumors
about me and my family.
Girl, please, you have no idea
what type of situation
your so-called Becky
put me in.
I'm in the middle
of this court case,
so I cannot talk details,
but the truth
will come out soon.
What's up?
Oh, my goodness,
it took everything in me
not to wake you up
last night.
Wake me up?
Baby, yesterday afternoon,
I went to that bull(bleep)
listening party of Moniece's.
This bitch gets up there
and goes, "So, Brandi,
"Becky contacted me,
and you have a (bleep)
court date coming up."
No, she was walking about
your court case on stage
on a microphone.
I wanted to beat her
(bleep) ass.
Bitch, you got Masika
up here snapping you.
That's why I tell you about
these (bleep) whack bitches.
You're too nice.
She ain't get no record from me,
and it ain't even about that,
and maybe if you hadn't
have came in the studio,
then she wouldn't have
been on stage like that, but...
I did you a favor.
That's all besides the point.
If she went up on stage
and did that (bleep),
like I already told you,
I ain't (bleep) with her no more
after that (bleep)
at the studio that day.
You my peoples, like,
I don't choose sides
with the wrong side.
(Max)
I don't know what type
of crazy lies
Moniece is spreading
right now,
but one thing I know
is you don't talk about people's
personal business or
court business in the streets,
especially me and my family.
As far as I'm concerned,
if Masika wanna join
the Moniece fan club,
then she can go holler
at the next man
and try to get
some music from him
to help her
whack-ass career.
I appreciate
you supporting me.
I'm gonna
always support you.
I just want you to be smart,
because, in life,
you can't fight all
your battles with your fists,
even though we want to.
You gotta use your brain
and your intellect.
And you gotta play chess.
She is not going to get away
with this (bleep).
You just be positive, okay?
You gonna be okay.
I'm gonna
deal with it, okay?
Okay.
♪ Yo yo yo ♪
(Masika)
♪ You took control of my mind ♪
♪ I done forgot, who am I,
like who am I? ♪
♪ Walked in, hundred bands
in my bag, tear the club up ♪
♪ 'Cause I'm
the black Cinderella ♪
♪ Dancing with the devil off
a molly and I got a full cup ♪
♪ 'Cause I'm
the black Cinderella ♪
Today I'm doing a small
Hollywood listening party
just to see how the crowd
reacts to my song,
and, honestly, I just need to
pick up a mic again.
♪♪
♪ Dropped your sins in my life ♪
♪ And left me alone
to clean it up ♪
♪ 'Cause I'm
the black Cinderella ♪♪
Whoo!
(cheering and applause)
Thank you.
Me and my producers came up with
this song "Black Cinderella,"
because that's pretty much
how I felt at the time.
I'm sitting at home
while Willie is lying on me,
and I'm just trying to have
a peaceful pregnancy.
I really debated on putting this
record out because, right now,
Willie and I are actually
in a good space.
Not only did you sound good,
but that (bleep) was catchy.
Thank you.
(Nia)
I loved it.
So fill us in. Where'd
the inspirations come from?
'Cause I think
I have an idea.
We need all the tea.
Well, I--
I was feeling like
I was by myself
while the person...
The Willie.
...that I was supposed
to be, you know,
enjoying my pregnancy with,
was out on tour
and popping bottles
and with the bitches
and taking pictures.
Popping models and bottles
and doing everything.
Yeah.
And you know, that's
the hard thing, like,
we'll be talking,
we'll be having
these beautiful
conversations and...
And in the back
of your head, you're like,
"This (bleep) gonna be
different tomorrow."
Yeah.
And here's the thing.
I had a conversation
with Willie about it.
My concern are the bitches,
the smoking weed, the--
Who he has
around your child.
He's about to come here,
once he finishes his tour,
so, I mean,
I'm sure we'll sit down
and talk about all that.
So you guys
are on good terms.
And it's like,
we talk every single day.
Yeah.
But on the same sentence.
Like, he was acting
the fool a few days ago.
A few days ago.
So it's like, I--
I really want
to embrace it
and accept it,
but I just don't know.
(Masika)
Willie's been on tour
almost since Kara was born,
but I'm really happy that
he's finally coming to L.A.
so they can spend some
one-on-one time together,
we can get some
family bonding time,
and we've really
been getting along great,
so I'm looking forward to it.
I wanted to do something kinda
cute and intimate and nice.
Test the waters.
Unlike Miss Moniece's
listening party that--
Mine was nice.
It just went left.
Her what?
But it was nice.
Oh, she didn't tell you
about her listening?
I don't know about this.
You know how I feel
at this point about Brandi?
Bitch, you can choke on your
husband's dirty (bleep) and die.
Like, at this point, look,
this all I wanna see from you.
I don't wanna see nothing else
but this, bitch.
(laughter)
I know for a fact
that she's a (bleep) mom.
A Becky crept into my DMs,
so once day Brandi decides
to go to the woman's house,
looking for Max.
Brandi attacks her,
and she's arrested.
Picture her on stage saying
all this to the audience.
You said that
on stage?
Yes, and let me
tell you why!
Everyone came for me
as a mother.
True.
And I'm just at a point now
where it's like, I'm trying
not to put my hands on people.
There will be plenty of
listening parties for me
in my future, but the time
to chop Brandi down
down was right then
and there.
All she does is attack
my motherhood,
and it's about time
that I showed the world
what a fake, phony,
fraudulent bitch she is.
So I took the opportunity
with great pride.
I know better than anybody
that you're not a bad mother.
Thank you, pookie.
Mwah!
Aww, look at this moment
we just had, a mother's
little break.
I know, this is the real
mommies club.
Real mommies club.
Let's keep it here.
Keep it right, keep it tight.
Yes.
(announcer)
Coming up...
Have you spoke
to Masika?
I just want to make
this (bleep) clear with her.
"I don't want to be
in a relationship with you.
"I just want to be
my daughter's father.
She's your family,
and I'm your baby father."
You're a very
resourceful person.
I try to be.
You said you had
a little sex tapey-tape?
Tell your fat-ass mama
to wear it!
(bleep) you! (bleep) you!
(overlapping arguing)
♪♪
I'm just sick of it. Ho-niece
is always messing with somebody.
And now she's made it a point
to go after Brandi.
It's about time somebody took
that battery out of her back
and put her in her place.
When Jason and I were
chatting the other day,
he gave up some really good dirt
on Moniece.
So I'm hoping that Jason
could give me more details
about this dirt today.
Thank you for coming
to meet me, first of all.
Of course.
So I'm actually...
in, like,
a hard spot right now.
What's going on?
Me and a friend, we get
invited to a listening party.
The someone
who invited us...
gets on the mic...
and airs out
my friend's business
in front of everyone
at the listening party.
(Jason)
This girl really thinks
that I didn't know
about Moniece's stunt
last night?
I already knew
that she put Brandi on blast.
But Princess is gonna
have to give me information
that's gonna help me out.
Who was the artist?
I wouldn't really
call her an artist.
Okay.
Moniece.
Yeah, I wouldn't call her
an artist, either.
(laughing)
What was she doing?
She started talking
about this girl,
how my friend
attacked her.
No...
On the microphone?
On the microphone.
In front of everybody?
In front of everybody.
Okay, who the (bleep)--
I just lost it.
Who are we talking about?
You promise that
it's not gonna
affect you helping me?
I got your back, but I need
to know who we're talking about.
Brandi.
For Princess, anything.
But for Brandi,
I do recall about a year ago,
she felt the need to throw
a drink in my face
and call me SpongeBob.
Listen, I'm not gonna
talk to your Chihuahua.
(Nikki)
Chihuahua?
Hold on, baby.
You calling the--
You like water
thrown on you?
But if she can get Brandi
to fess up an apology,
beg forgiveness,
maybe a nice little gift,
then maybe we can talk.
But what did you
have in mind?
Well... I know that you
brought it up before.
Oh, Lord.
And you said you had
a little sex tapey-tape?
Um...
(both laugh)
I know that you know
someone that has that.
Oh, yeah, I know a guy that
has a sex tape with Moniece.
I don't know exactly when she
was messing around with the guy,
but maybe she was trying
to fill the void from Lil Fizz.
I mean, this guy is a rapper,
too, after all,
but Brandi's gotta
give me a whole lot of (bleep)
for me to give up
what I got.
Can I at least see it?
It's amazing.
It's amazing?
It's not amazing in the sense
that her performance
reserv-- deserves
some type of Stellar Award,
but I mean, you know,
she's--
You definitely get the back
shots, for sure.
This is a priceless
receipt.
For me to give it
to Brandi?
I mean, she's cool,
I don't hate her.
I don't have
a problem with her,
but I just don't
(bleep) with her.
Will you just at least
sit down with her?
I really need this.
If you really want me to
and it's a favor for you,
I'll do it.
Thank you.
(clicking tongue)
(whispering)
Hey, Mom.
Hey.
I knew that my mom
would be upset that we eloped,
but I did not think that she
would throw a champagne glass
in front of all of our friends
and embarrass us like that.
At this point, she needs
to just be happy for us.
I'm not sure
if I like the hair.
Really?
I love my hair.
I don't think I like that.
I know it's gonna
take her a minute
to get over how we did it,
but I'm just hoping that
she'll understand my heart
and that I really
just want us to all
be a close-knitted family.
It's been, like,
super weird and awkward,
'cause I don't like us
being distant and, you know,
A1 feels all weird and...
He should feel weird.
He feels like you just
still don't like him,
no matter
what he does, so...
Well, did he tell you
how he treated me
when I came to
pick the dogs up?
Yeah, he told me,
he told me how you
broke our wedding picture.
He provoked me by
putting it in my face,
knowing that I was still
trying to get over
or at least accept
what had happened.
You didn't think about me
before you broke the picture?
Hell no, did you
think about me before
you broke my heart?
Oh, my God, Mom.
Give a (bleep)
about your picture.
You can get
another picture.
I don't feel that you have
any remorse for what you did.
I don't think
you even feel sorry.
I want you to try
to accept A1 as my husband,
just, where it could be
positive and happy
and like, you know,
it's like, life is short,
like, where we could just
enjoy each other as family
and not--
I will--
I will work on that.
Okay, thank you.
You know, um, I will,
but you know, I--
I need you to do
something for me.
What?
You know, I hike
five days a week,
and you know, no matter what,
I just can't seem
to get this gone.
So I went to see a doctor,
and I want to get
some lipo,
and I want you
to pay for it.
(laughing)
Oh, (bleep)!
This could never mend
the hurt that I feel
not being a part
of my daughter's wedding.
But for her
to do that for me
would pacify some of the hurt
that I have.
That's hilarious.
This is what you call a--
(laughing)
I think you
owe me that, Lyrica.
Girl, bye!
You know what? I'm not even mad
at your hustle, though.
You got a lot
of hustle in you.
If we do this,
I need to know,
you are never gonna bring up
me and A1 eloping again.
I can concede for now to never
bring up the terrible way
that A1 decided
to marry my daughter,
but if A1 ever
steps out of line again,
I'm not gonna
keep my mouth shut.
So it can just be
a positive, clean slate,
and then I can
check on things,
and I'll see
what I can do.
I-- I can agree
to that, then.
Okay, cool.
All right.
The fact that she will never be
able to bring up my elopement,
ever again,
sounds like heaven.
Then maybe everyone can
just be happy
and everyone will be
on their best behavior
at the barbecue that
we're having next week.
I never wanna hear about
the wedding, nothing, again.
Okay.
♪♪
That (bleep)'s fire,
my guy.
I'm trying to get this
little mix tape together
before we do the album,
you know.
Trying to keep the fans
happy, you feel me?
I know it's full
of straight heat.
Yeah, it's been a little...
You know, yeah, it's been hot.
It was just like, I came
to give him something,
so I was trying to do
something different for him,
give him a little different
flow, you feel me?
I got it.
How long you in L.A.?
Uh, right now, I'm only out here
for, like, a couple day
Yeah, you spoke to Masika?
Yo, man, last time we talked
wasn't really that good.
That's why I just wanna
make this (bleep), like,
clear with her, you feel me?
"Like, I don't want to be
in a relationship with you.
"Like, I don't wanna be
in love with you,
"I don't wanna be
in a fake love,
"I don't want to be
in a three-month love,
whatever you wanna call it."
We was never that.
It was a three-day
weekend.
You forgot I was
there with Shah.
That's crazy. She said I was
looking for a house with her.
"Like, I was never looking
for no house with you."
You know what I'm saying?
I just want to be
my daughter's father.
Right now, the way she
want me to be Kari's father,
I don't want to be it that way.
You feel what I'm saying?
Because every single time
me and her get together,
man, even if it's
ten minutes,
it's just like,
a story go up, pshew.
"Fetty Wap, Masika,
da-da-da-da-da."
She let the world know.
"So for you to think
that you gonna bring me down
"'cause of what you
telling the world?
"You could tell the world
all you want.
"That ain't gonna help you
be a better mother.
"My daughter's mother
don't complain.
"My son's
mother don't complain.
"If my daughter wants
to sleep back in Jersey,
"I'm not coming over to your
house at no 2:00 in the morning.
"I'll see you tomorrow,
and there's no problem
with that.
"She have no problem.
With you, it goes
on the Internet."
Like, what the (bleep)?
You know what I'm saying?
Like, it just
don't make no sense.
I hung around her
the whole nine months
she was pregnant.
I was gonna keep it
mutual.
I wasn't even gonna get
into the middle of it,
but like I said,
you my (bleep),
so I'm gonna
keep you updated.
I'm telling you, it's--
it's all one plan.
That one plan
all revolves back
to the same (bleep),
though.
That don't make
no sense though, man.
Money will ruin
your relationship
and ruin your reputation.
But money, she could
have the money, 'cause,
hey, when we was
getting along, it was simple.
(bleep), it was simple.
Got the crib, bro,
I spent like,
$30,000 on my daughter
in one day.
It's cool, though, like,
everything come to the light
and if this what
she want to do,
if this how she wanna
live her life--
She wanna base her life
off of Fetty Wap,
the artist,
you know what I'm saying?
'Cause Fetty Wap
ain't no person, man.
I mean, like, Fetty Wap
just a (bleep) that make music,
like, you know
what I'm saying?
Fetty Wap just a name,
that's an image,
it's a brand, a dude
that want all that (bleep).
Y'all don't know me, I'm Willie,
like, you know what I'm saying?
I do what I gotta do
'cause I don't got time
for that extra (bleep).
So the only thing that
you can say about me is,
"Oh, he don't
come out here."
You damn right
I don't come out here,
'cause every time I come
out here, I don't leave happy.
You know what I'm saying?
Like... I ain't with that.
But, yo, like, my loyalty
is gonna be with my daughter,
you know what I'm saying?
Right.
So no matter how
she make me look,
I'm still gonna
be there for her.
Whenever Kara
gets to that point
where she needs
to call her daddy,
like, I'm always gonna be
there, you feel me?
Right.
Even if me and her are not
seeing eye to eye right now,
like, that's
gonna be my daughter
for the rest of my life.
Right.
"We're not a family.
She's your family
and I'm your baby father."
(announcer)
Coming up...
Life is not just
about business, Nikki.
I would like to see you
also meet a good man.
I met up with Jason.
He basically told me
he knows someone
who has a sex tape
of Moniece.
Oh, my--
It's the receipt that we need.
The ultimate receipt.
♪♪
(Nikki)
My brother Omar passed away
about a year ago
from a drug overdose,
and it's been really, really,
really hard on my family,
especially my mom.
She really loved
my brother a lot.
Nobody deserves that pain
that she's feeling right now.
This is the first birthday
that I'm going to...
be having without him.
(sniffling)
No one can ever
understand the pain.
(sniffling)
I miss him a lot.
I know.
The moment I lost him,
my life...
I felt dead.
(sniffles)
(crying)
Mom...
And he always
made me a promise:
"Mom, I'll never
leave you.
I'll never leave you."
Even the house,
everything just doesn't
feel the same,
coming here.
I don't like to even
come here anymore.
Like, I feel
uncomfortable here.
For me, I can't even
walk in his bedroom.
I still think
he's coming home.
Omar was a very important part
of our family.
Not only was he my only brother
and my family's only son,
but we worked together
hand-in-hand
with the family business.
After my brother's loss,
I've stepped in and really tried
to help my family
with all their business
and whatever it is
they need help with.
It's definitely a
lot to handle,
but I don't mind,
because family comes first.
In order for me to really
try to live just a normal...
Peaceful.
Peaceful,
a little bit, life,
I need to be out of here.
You know, I'm,
like, the strong one
out of all of us,
and I know I have
to really step up
and help you now
with business and everything
'cause you-- you need me.
Life is not just
about business, Nikki.
Mom...
You know?
I-- I--
I would like to see you
also meet a good man.
I don't like
being by myself.
I want someone I could
talk to and be there for me,
but I haven't had the best
relationships.
I think that I've been
using work as a distraction
to cope what I've been
going through,
maybe that's why
I've been dating around,
playing the field
with Rosa and Safaree.
♪♪
(Princess)
I finally got Jason to agree
to meet up with Brandi,
and when she finds out
about this sex tape,
she's gonna be ready to do
whatever she needs to do
to get her hands
on this tape.
"No Beckyz Allowed."
You are so funny.
The population of Beckies
are starting to expand,
and we need to extinct
them mother(bleep).
I am not feeling good, but
I am happy to see you, always.
You know I had to come
check on you.
Princess, what the (bleep)
was that? Like...
I wanna drag that bitch across
the floor, but I know I cannot.
I have to get her back.
I have to get
some (bleep) on her.
I've been doing my own
little digging and searching.
I have dug up a few little
things that you can use.
My (bleep).
Princess!
This girl is full
of surprises.
Ho-niece, you are
gonna regret the day
you ever came for me
and my family.
I met up with Jason.
Jason Lee.
Yes, Jason Lee.
Okay.
And he basically told me
he knows someone who has
a sex tape of Moniece.
Oh, my--
It's the receipt that we need.
The ultimate receipt
that we need.
You know, I-- I told him
that I wanted it for you.
Oh, (bleep).
He's pretty much saying that
he's not gonna give it to you
'cause he doesn't
(bleep) with you,
because you threw
the drink in his face.
Don't give up now,
we have got all the way here.
Last year, Jason and I
got into a scuffle.
Now it's time
to turn on the charm
and fix my relationship
with Jason.
So what we have to do,
tell him,
"Jason, I want
to take you to eat."
I'm gonna be there.
I'm gonna give him...
A gift?
A gift.
(Princess)
Jason and Brandi's beef
is so last year.
They just need to kiss
and make up already.
We're going in
a good direction.
We're off
to a good start.
And let's just
take it from here
and just hope
for the best
and just try
to get this video.
That's the million-dollar plan.
(announcer)
Coming up...
Me and Willie have been
playing phone tag
since he's been here.
He still hasn't showed up
to see her,
and I'm not gonna keep
playing this game with him.
Now, if you really want it,
maybe there's
something we can do.
What can I do for you?
♪♪
♪ It's just another one
of those days ♪
♪ One of those days ♪
♪ That never ends ♪
♪ It's just another one
of those days ♪
After all Willie
put me through
for the first seven months
of my pregnancy,
when he came back around
and sincerely apologized,
he promised me that none of this
would happen again
and he would do
everything in his power
to be there for both of us.
♪♪
♪ That you've forgotten ♪
Me and Willie have been playing
phone and text message tag
since he's been here,
and almost every message ends
with, "On my way."
It's been about three days now,
and every day he pushes her off
till it's too late,
then he has to take all 1,738
of his homeboys to lunch first,
then they gotta go shopping.
He still hasn't showed up
to see her,
and I'm not gonna keep
playing this game with him.
♪ 'Cause I been
a fool for you ♪
♪ So don't try ♪
I am so confused right now.
You know, he's made
several promises to me
about what he's going to do
for her and with us
and he just has not
kept his word.
♪♪
(crying)
If this is what
he's doing now...
by the time
she's old enough,
is this gonna be
the same way?
And as a mother,
do I allow him to keep doing it
or do I just cut it off?
I have to protect her
from the world,
even if it means
protect her from him.
♪ Ah hey yeah ♪
♪ I'm not lonely
just 'cause you're gone ♪♪
I think you're supposed to wait
for everybody else to come
before you start eating.
(Brandi)
When Princess told me
there was a sex tape
of Ho-niece out there,
I realized gold has struck.
But then Princess told me
Jason wouldn't give it to me,
so I knew I had to play nice
and put on my best attitude,
so here I am meeting
with Jason to bury the beef.
He better be happy, I done
brought him a little gift.
You brought him a gift?
I was not playing.
What?
I-- I know we gonna
be cool now.
I need Jason and Brandi
to play nice with each other
so that we can teach
Ho-niece never to have
our names in her mouth,
ever again.
(Princess)
Jason!
Hi, how are you?
Hey.
Hey, how are you?
How are you?
Hey, Jason,
how are you?
I'm here.
Oh, I like--
He shook it.
Present.
I didn't know,
was you about to play
and go like this.
Well, as long as you
don't go like that,
it's gonna be okay.
You better stop, Jason.
The last time I saw you,
I was the recipient
of a cold beverage.
I have a little
something for you.
Okay.
Let's see what you got.
Jason, I only get
my husband gifts.
Only man that gets
gifts from me.
Okay.
So is this some shade, or...
They're shades.
I'm not in the business
of charity.
Brandi's gonna
have to do a whole lot more
than hand me these shades
that probably,
for all I know,
came from Chinatown.
So when I heard
you wanted this receipt,
which is a big receipt,
why would I give that away
for something that had
nothing to do with me,
on top of it with
somebody who didn't even
apologize for what they did?
I'm not gonna sit up here
and play (bleep) games.
I want that mother(bleep)
tape, and yes, yes,
it's a big goddamn receipt,
but I'm gonna tell you,
I'm a (bleep) boss bitch,
and it's not a bad thing
to (bleep) with me.
And when I tell you
I will be (bleep) loyal
to the end,
that's a big receipt
right there, too.
Now, if you
really want it,
maybe there's
something we can do.
What can I do for you,
Mr. Jason Lee?
(laughing)
Let me say this.
I think that
you have something
that I know
would move me.
Oh, God.
What is this?
Growing up as a kid,
I had this movie that
I was in love with.
It was called
"Coming to America."
Remember when the princess
came in the room and she said,
"I would do
whatever you like,"
and he said, "Hop on one leg
and bark like a dog."
Oh, hell no...
I know where Jason
is going with this.
"Chihuahua."
Bark like a dog.
Yes, yes, yes, you are
very clever, my friend.
Arf!
(laughing)
You have a--
All right, we have a deal.
Jason!
You're my friend now?
I'm your friend now.
Hell, yes.
I'm just glad that Brandi
did not let her pride
get in the way.
She needs to keep focusing
on the bigger picture,
which is getting back
at Moniece.
Brandi may have barked,
but once Moniece finds out
about what we have on her,
she's gonna be
begging for our forgiveness.
I kept my word.
I just need to know,
are you really...
I never make a promise
that I don't keep.
This is about to be
the biggest receipt
of the year.
It's a cold day
when your enemies link up.
Yes, let's toast to that.
(announcer)
Coming up...
My child needs a consistent
father in her life.
You're gonna be here
or you're gonna be out.
Since you think
I'm not thoughtful,
I did bring you something
at a lower cost.
A waist trainer.
(Sarafee)
Ohh!
♪♪
(Masika)
My baby girl's
growing up before my eyes,
and her father
has not grown up yet.
He has stood her up for several
days now and it's just not cool.
All the blogs are trying to say
that I asked him
to come over, get into bed?
Um, no sir.
Breaking news, Daddy: babies
don't sleep through the night,
and they eat every two hours,
so if you wanna
come over at 10:30,
you're gonna have to stay
the whole time and be a dad.
I see Mr. Wappity Wap
and you were going at it,
and I thought
you guys were good.
So he's on tour back to back,
and I'm like, you know,
"When are you gonna
see your daughter?"
And he's like,
"As soon as I get to L.A.,
"the first thing I do
when I land,
I'm getting off the plane
and coming to you guys."
Literally, every day,
he hit me after, like,
9:00 p.m.
to come see her.
Who are you trying
to come see, her or me?
Your child is not
gonna wait up for you
'cause she's a baby.
But, you know,
I subtweeted him, I was like,
"Social media daddying
is at an all time high."
So then he tweets me,
"My oldest is five,
"and this is your first
go-around.
Shut the (bleep) up
complaining."
I have never in my life
bit my tongue so much.
I don't defend myself,
because it's, like, I--
Me defending myself
hurts my child.
I don't want her
to be able to Google
this (bleep) one day.
As a mom who's been
through this firsthand,
I could see
where this was headed,
and I really hoped that it
wouldn't end up this way,
but unfortunately,
she's here,
and all I can do
is encourage her to find
the most positive way out
for the sake of her daughter.
So what's the course
of action now?
I'm sitting here, like...
Like, you lied to me
about the type of father
you're gonna be
and the person you're
gonna be for our child.
Willie made it very clear to me
that he wanted to be
a full-time dad,
and that has yet to happen.
My child needs a consistent
father in her life.
It's just like,
he seems to think that,
because she's so young,
that he can pop up later on
in life, and it's fine.
And she can't miss
what she never had.
The only way
she learns to miss that
is if he does the yoyo--
he's in, he's out.
I'm not gonna sit patiently,
politely, and wait for you
to come my way.
That's not happening.
My daughter's
not doing that, either.
You're gonna be here
or you're gonna be out.
All I've ever wanted from Willie
was some consistency,
so our daughter can have
a pattern with him in her life,
and if he's gonna keep building
her up just to let her down,
I won't allow that.
You can't be
the best mom you can be
if you're not 100%
all right.
And right now, you can
see where this is headed.
Girl, look.
I don't even wanna
keep going down this road,
'cause it's just...
it's dark.
♪♪
(A1)
Since our housewarming party-
slash-wedding reception
was ruined by Lyrica's mom
a couple of weeks ago,
we decided to get
everybody together
for a little do-over barbecue
at the park.
Except, I'm bringing
the entertainment today
when I check Lyrica's mom.
So check this out.
Lyrica comes home from lunch
with her mom the other day,
and she tells me that if we
pay for her mom's liposuction,
that her mom
will forgive us for eloping.
I don't need to be forgiven.
I'm not paying
for no damn liposuction,
and you cannot
extort money from us.
Teairra.
Hi, how are you?
The lovely,
Mrs. Beautiful Teairra Mari.
Oh, thank you so much.
How you doing?
I'm good, how are you?
Ooh, your eyes
is popping in the light.
Like the sun--
Thank you, thank you.
They look like
green and brown.
Yeah, they change colors
sometimes.
All right, don't be trying
to hypnotize me, though.
Of course not.
I'm not trying to give this dude
no idea that he can hit on me
just because him
and Nikki are on ice.
Let's get back
to the party, honey.
Little bit of
chicken for you.
Yeah, you know,
I be doing my thing.
So who cooked this food?
Believe it or not,
I could cook and I
can give good (bleep).
(gasps and laughter)
Okay?
(A1)
Bigs, you're taking food...
(squealing)
Hey!
Hi, girl.
What you say?
How you doing?
Hey... mwah!
Hey, don't kiss me.
You're making the red lips--
(Pam)
Why?
Why you come here
looking like that?
You got the glow.
I didn't know that
I was looking...
(Teairra)
You look good as (bleep).
(Lyrica A.)
Yeah, you look good (bleep).
Really?
Yes.
(all groan)
Daaamn!
(Lyrica G.)
A woman of my age
that's with a grown daughter
and we go out and people
think we're sisters...
You know, I think it's just very
important to just be ageless.
I brought us here
so we can have a good time.
You know, me and my wife,
we happily married.
And I'm happy to be here
because you my son,
and that's my daughter-in-law,
and that's her mother.
Can you let this man
say what he's saying?
I mean, I'm saying,
I'm just saying I'm so happy
that you accepted it.
Right, I been
accepting it.
You know, and I'm--
I'm happy that you learning
to accept it too, as well.
It isn't about
learning to accept
the fact
that she's married.
She gotta accept
that you married.
I still am feeling
some type of way,
that you've not even
ever said to me,
"If this hurt you,
the way that we did this,
"I am sorry, I apologize.
I didn't intend
to hurt you."
You've never
said that to me, A1.
I don't like how you--
you sat Lyrica down and said,
"You know, the only way that
I'm gonna accept this marriage
is if y'all
pay for my lipo."
Well, let me tell you
something.
It's not happening.
Well, guess what?
It ain't your business.
I don't know if A1
is on crack cocaine or what,
but to choose now to air out
the whole liposuction surgery
is not the way
to kill the mama beef.
Since you think
I'm not thoughtful,
I did bring you something
at a lower cost,
and I hope
this works for you.
A waist trainer.
(Sarafee)
Ohh!
That's actually an insult.
No man should  ever give a woman
a waist trainer.
Not only does it tell a person
that you think they're fat,
but it also tells a person
that you think it matters
that they're fat.
I ain't gonna
even dignify that.
How is this
disrespectful?
Because you
don't give no woman
no (bleep) waist trainer!
That's like telling her
that she's (bleep) fat!
Tell your fat-ass mama
to wear it.
(bleep) you! (bleep) you!
You know what?
(overlapping arguing)
I can't believe
this is going on.
I'm feeling like
this is like an episode of
"Girls Gone Wild Bad Girls Club:
The Mama Edition."
What the hell?
(overlapping arguing)
I don't care, she mentioned
my mother(bleep) name.
I wasn't even talking!
(Lyrica A.)
I cannot believe that A1
is embarrassing my mom like this
in front of all of these people.
But, to be honest, my mom
is no angel in this, either.
There's no reason for her
and Pam to start arguing.
...anybody, she got belly
hanging over her--
Give it to her!
You need it!
(overlapping arguing)
(announcer)
Coming up...
This is what you brought me into
by marrying this ass(bleep).
You an ass (bleep).
I heard that.
Annulment!
♪♪
Tell your fat-ass mama
to wear it.
(bleep) you! (bleep) you!
(overlapping arguing)
(bleep) little bitch!
I'm tired of her (bleep)!
Come on, bitch!
Let me go.
I'm tired of (bleep)!
Don't call my mama
no bitch!
(overlapping arguing)
Yo, A1 told me
that the mama beef
was out of control,
but this
is on another level.
Listen, I don't got my helmet,
so I'm staying out of this.
I'm just trying to eat my food
and sit back and watch the show.
Take your ghetto ass
back to Kansas City!
(bleep), you better
chill the (bleep) out.
You shut the (bleep) up.
You gonna give her
a waist trainer?
You ain't (bleep).
You look like a man,
bitch!
All she asked for
was a nice-ass apology!
Eff you, mother(bleep)!
This is how she should be
when she do all that
stand up (bleep),
turning around (bleep).
You don't do that
to my mother(bleep) mom!
That's your mother-in-law!
Please tell me, in what world
is it ever appropriate
to give your mother-in-law
a waist trainer?
I don't know if my mom
will ever forgive A1 for this,
and to be honest, I don't know
if I will, either.
I don't think your husband
means you any good,
because if he did, he'd put
his bitch-ass mama in check.
This is what you brought me into
by marrying this ass(bleep).
You a ass(bleep)!
I heard that.
Don't call my mama no
mother(bleep) ass(bleep)!
'Cause me and you
gonna have a problem.
(Teairra)
It's definitely a tricky space
to be in when your husband
and your mother are fighting,
I'm sure, but I think
Lyrica did the right thing
by checking her husband.
Annulment!
(A1)
Annulment?
Are you really that lonely
and bitter that--
that you want your daughter
to be single
for the rest of her life?
I'm legit worried that this
woman is gonna be a problem
in our marriage.
(announcer)
Next time on "Love & Hip-Hop:
Hollywood"...
Some people put out music,
I put out receipts.
You're saying you found
a skeleton in her closet?
Um, I found a cemetery.
Supposedly, there's a tape
out here floating around.
A sex tape.
(Fizz)
This tape (bleep).
I need this (bleep)
to be dead.
You need to start
taking responsibility
for the things you say and do.
You throw a rock, you gonna
get a rock thrown at you.
I just wanted to start over
and start clean
and be truthful to you.
You're not lying again?
No.
We're gonna work on
trying to make this serious?
Yeah.
I'm not gonna talk to nobody
and you're not gonna
talk to nobody else,
including Rosa, right?
They towing your car.
Yo!
Who sent you to do this?
You wanna play games?
It wasn't your money
that (bleep) paid for it!
She keeps talking,
there's gonna be a problem.
I don't give a (bleep)!
It's hard getting
out of a marriage right.
Yeah, but, Ma, I've only
lived my life strategically.
(Princess)
Your mom already said she
didn't want us to get married,
and then you got me
coming up to this?
You can't come up on my set
and tell me what to do
in front of people
I'm working with.
Feel like you're doing this
just to, like,
get it out your system.
You haven't been
answering your phone.
Didn't come home last night.
I'm having a good time
up there, actually.
Does your mom have
anything to do with this?
You wanna have
a smart-ass mouth
or do you want to have
an intelligent conversation?